you
hey guys I'm Rosales and welcome to surf
Show and Tell today surfboard review the
mini by Channel Islands this boards a
collaboration between Channel Island
surfboards Mini Cooper the car and pro
surfer Kalani Rob this is a stock board
it's five foot three by ninety nine by
two and five-sixteenths liters of
volumes 27.9 I'm five foot nine 170
pounds and this board floating degree
it's six inches shorter than I am which
be on the low side for what Channel
Islands recommends on writing this board
to your how tall you are but let's get
into the contours of the bottom of this
board it has an aggressive single - an
aggressive double - a V out the tail
which is going to give us maximum Drive
with the concave and the V is going to
help us transition easily from rail to
rail especially on such a wide board now
it is five foot three and the contours
are for speed
the V is for transition but what I want
to talk about is the rail design right
okay before I before I talk about rail
design this is this from the from the
middle to the front is a skinny fish it
reminds me of the old skinny fish that
channel is did but from the back end it
reminds me of the neckbeard so if you
remember correctly the skinny fish was a
deep Swallowtail so they've changed it
quite a bit
it doesn't write anything like the
skinny fish but it reminded me of it but
I'm going to talk about the rails for a
second here I don't know if you can zoom
in on this you'll see that they come
they're they're kind of sloped down like
this and then it gets a real sharp rail
here so with that being said it the
sharp rail is going to grip the water
and it's going to make it so I can knife
into it so when I'm coming and I'm doing
like a speed car or if I'm doing a
roundhouse cut back it's driving through
and it feels like it's not going to
slide
my feet what I'm doing a quad or a
thruster so for that I really like but
there was something else I noticed when
I was riding down the line and was
specially going frontside I was going
down the line I was and I was gaining
speed to go into it like a like a big
roundhouse the whole board was um
floating you can see it in the video
that it has this ability to the whole
boards planing like super fast and it's
transitioning right into the Cuddy and
it felt really good so for me that was
pretty unusual because I've never seen
that before but I really like the board
for that the other thing I want to talk
about mention is that Channel Island
recommends this board as a quad a 4 fin
setup I'm a thruster guy so I haven't
ridden a quad in like six months so what
I did was I started with a thruster I
got used to the board and then I put in
a quad set now I chose a large spin and
the fins I chose I did this on purpose
these are called the FRP which means
fiberglass reinforced polymers it looks
like a standard or a typical black
plastic fin but they've Channel Islands
is doing something great they're putting
fiberglass and reinforcing the fibers of
the polymers so that way we can stiffen
up the Flex pattern it worked great
you can see in the video I rode these
almost the whole time and in all the
cutbacks and everything I'm putting
maximum power that I can put in and I
felt like the fins were driving through
turns and they were helping me get to
sections I felt like the board had lots
of speed so all in all I felt pretty
good about the fins now the fins well
the reason they're doing that is they're
making an affordable fin for a five fin
setup you're getting these from the
website for about 75 bucks as opposed to
a carbon fiber Finn it's going to run
you at about 130 to 150 for a five-inch
setup so guys good set of fins
I recommend the large because it's such
a wide tail and you're going to maximize
Drive maximize your drive because of the
white fitting base so I hope that helps
so did I love the mini the menus a great
board I highly recommend it that's my
review on the mini hope you enjoyed the
surfing that's wrap we'll see you guys
next time
we'll be doing a Padma take care